[Music]
Very good what's up guys how are you?
I'm here to compile, well, recovering, so to speak,
I'm getting a little excited but
well, not completely yet, but
recovering my voice little by little, which you
already know has been good with
plaques in my throat, the last videos
that you've seen on the channel I had the
voice of Rockefeller but little by
little I'm recovering it and today I'm
telling you about a thing that's going to outrage you
but that's crazy, I don't know if you know
a YouTuber who in recent months has been having
quite a bit of success to the
point that when his
channel disappeared because that's what I'm going to tell you
in this video, the badge or the channel,
well, it's back but while he
has had a badge or the typical
rats have come out trying to impersonate him, it's
been about going through him and solving his
content and they are having success, I already
had it a bit and Kenya do you remember well,
this YouTuber is gray he is so terrifying, it will
surely sound familiar to you because he has been
having a lot of success in recent
months, it turns out that  they start
taking down his videos for copying pretending that
I'm incredible pretending to be
Televisa pretending to be one of the
largest television companies in Latin America if not the
largest because it didn't get there, no
taxes but I think it's the biggest
fiasco Mocha defeated
YouTube's copyright reporting system and
anyone can cheat and it often
works sometimes no
sometimes luckily it comes out if
legitimate use is not legitimate no the use that
this kid had made of
video music and click
whoever was completely legitimate in
fact they were throwing videos at him that didn't
even have a client at all they
were completely fraudulent sports
or in other words what the person
who was reporting this was doing was
absolutely illegal it was an absolute
crime okay in fact the kid is being
reported to the authorities and well he's
going to take him to court because here I ca
n't imagine that this person
somehow on the internet opens up some way to
locate him because it turns out that the
guy was sending him emails trying to
extort him literally threatening him that they
could happen to him personally and
his family
gave the key to his
YouTube channel on Sunday, April 17,
2022, in the middle of the morning,
a message arrived in my channel's email where
my person and my family were threatened
at the same time the channel received two
copyright strikes,
thus adding four strikes since it had been
dragging two for a while before the
origin of the person who claimed my videos
was supposedly Televisa but also
this person who sent the email was the
one who had illegitimately pressed the strikes on me. He
told me to
give him my main channel username and
password if I did not want to have
legal and illegal problems and in exchange he would remove
the faults that we put the channels,
meaning that all the
claimed videos that fill the right of
fair use, some did not even have
Televisa content and apart from that, the
music was claimed which, as you know,
belongs to repos and I was also
claimed in fact and live where I
explained what was happening on the channel
where it was only me talking, I was
only left with creepy stand and trust and
terror 2,
the latter was reported on a trip
because it had the same name and the
same profile photo throughout  that YouTube
decided to remove it because it was understood
as identity theft,
clearly YouTube did not know that it was me
who had created another channel,
so currently they only want to
conclude that I am Huixtán a few days after
this first email, I received another on
April 20, 2022 where it was argued that I
had an investigation file by
the Mexico City Prosecutor's Office with
inaccurate data and an email of dubious
origin, no quality and good that
showed that it was completely false
and also exposed an existence by
that person so that I would give the
channel the last email would arrive on
April 26, 2022 where they told me to
close all my social networks if I did
not want to have problems and that and
that same afternoon of April 26, someone
will open a channel with my name in the
profile photo and would proceed to upload my
videos, it is more than clear that someone
wanted to keep the channel
taking advantage of YouTube
's copyright claim resource, it
took me a while to talk about this because I
was not legally advising to
take these officials and with the
corresponding authorities of my  country
so they can find the person or people
responsible this is serious because not
only did I lose my job but
my integrity and that of my family
as well as my assets were attacked it is
worth saying something this can happen to
any content creator whether on
YouTube or outside of YouTube since the
fact of filing a copyright claim
is extremely easy since
we are talking about a clear attempt at
extortion and that is why he had not
told me anything since I was
waiting
and I was asking him to give him his
YouTube channel or he would continue doing
these things wrong it is incredible I will be
putting the emails on the screen that they
have sent me exclusively so that you
can see it and it is repulsive yes it is
true that you want it not to have so much
so much voice and so much impact this
kid has been able to recover
the channel because in the end YouTube you want it
not to you ask someone from support
who is more or less competent which usually
happens well see how the case is and see what it is about
interest solution in a few days yes it is
true that at first it can work but
then  as quickly as possible they
will solve it for you but when the first
statin or rather so that you can see the
broken ones that are in the reporting system
this one from YouTube that I have said a
lot of times that form should be
removed it should only be
valid and functional that it appears and that
videos can be taken down when it is one
when it comes to received people who
summarize your videos people who summarize the
live broadcasts people who upload movies in
live tweets that summarize clips
this type of things but people who
use content and that for a click and
that for a clear already that should not be
able to be reported in any way if there is
a company that has a problem
that can sue if they
want because in the end what you have to do
in the end you have to sue
because when you
receive a claim from any
company because they use music or
whatever when you peel it off in the end the
company if they want to move forward what they have to
do is sue and they almost never
do it so yes it is true that
YouTube is caught by the balls
because they have to have this form
and this system they have to have it
because by European law and  by the law
that exists in almost all countries on the
subject of copyright to wash their
hands they have to have it but so you can
see the broken ones that are there it gives
tools directly to criminals and
extortionists but well luckily
or not luckily this kid has been able to
recover the channel is already working
normally but I want you to keep
in mind one thing and that is that people who
have less voice people who have
smaller channels to which YouTube does not even
listen if this happens to them they lose it and they
go to hell
so amazing leave me your
opinion in the comment box do not
forget to subscribe give like
bell and see you in the next
video a hug family
[Music]